# February 1st, 2017

**Date:** Wednesday, February 1st, 2017

**Time:** 5:00-6:00PM PST

**Location:** Michael Kingsmill Forum (4th floor of the Nest)

**Google Hangout:** https://hangouts.google.com/hangouts/_/ubyssey.ca/web-volunteers

## Agenda

1. Housekeeping
 * Volunteer to record minutes
 * Acknowledge the volunteers who have shipped code!
 * Is everybody part of a team?
2. Change to meeting schedule
 * Switching from weekly to bi-weekly group meetings
 * Transition to weekly team meetings
3. Feedback on team structure/organization
 * Does everybody know what their duties are?
 * How can we make things more organized?
4. Team updates
 * Give a brief overview of where each team is at
5. Update on volunteer compensation
 * Points will be calculated at the end of February
6. General questions
7. Meet separately with data viz, website core, and Dispatch core teams

## Minutes

**Housekeeping**

Thanks to those who shipped code this week!

- Jimmy Li
- Rahul
- Napon
* Tyler

Everyone seems to be part of a team.

**Change to meeting schedule**

* Change to Ubyssey meetings to biweekly, next one is Feb 15th
* Individual Teams should be meeting weekly
* Peter to confirm via Slack for strategy on weekly team meetings
* Meetings will give an opportunity to update each team on progress

**Feedback on Team Structure / Organization**

Leadership:
* For people who don’t know what they want to do, those people may stay anonymous.  How can people new to web development benefit?
* Some need guidance on github/source control/etc.
* Github crash course? - Peter to do a step by step guide, possibly host workshop

Organization and Structure:
* Need some help with getting started with web dev, not sure where to start at times
* Dispatch team is a bit loose, not sure if who is contributing to what
* Team level needs a bit more coordination
* More clear understanding on who is a leader

Suggestions:
* Recognize who the leader is on each team
* Leaders of separate subteams should know each other
* More clarity on roles within team
* Leaders need to be more organized e.g. Data viz, website core, Dispatch core (Scrum master?)

**Team updates**

Analytics team
* Met earlier this week
* Made plan for tackling project
* Dashboard project – how many people on site at given time, etc.
* How to use Google Analytics API to get data from google, still feasible but more complicated than originally thought

Chatbot Team – Jordan
* Decided on system architecture
* Pull request for initial framework code
* Agile development to start this week (?)

Comments team is on hold, nobody spearheading

Elections team
* Design phase
* How to lay out site for AMS elections period
* Design for elections compass

Events team on hold

Instant Articles
* Learning how to use the API and figuring out which way makes the most sense with current platform
* Next steps: make instant article layout

Magazine team
* Design phase
* Landing page for magazine
* Different article templates
* Wrap up early next week before development

Salary Team
* Working on parsing data
* Going to redesign salary database

Website Core Team
* A few assignments sent out, 4 completed so far

Dispatch team
* Team members working on tickets

**Update on Volunteer Compensation**
* Only 3 or 4 people have collected points so far
* First cheques at end of February

**Questions**
There will be a data viz team meeting within the next week.

If you still have friends that want to join, they can still join.  Anybody who wants to be a leader for a team can talk to Peter.

It would be great to have a social event with the team(s).

**Data Viz / Website Core / Dispatch Teams**

Data Viz team
* Projects require going to editorial team first to see what they want
* Greenlit projects are on the data viz page
* A workshop on the basics of data viz will be held by the end of next week
* Regular meeting times to be set

There is a transit data survey repo that would give a good idea what a data viz project should look like.  You can follow along with the repo.

Website team
* Set up time for weekly meetings
* Add more issues in Github
* More indepth workshop to use certain technologies
* Might keep it to office hours depending on interest

Dispatch core team
* Nominate leader
* Team meeting early next week to talk about what kinds of issues they want to tackle
* Overview of React


